Update GuidelinesForNewRules.md (#2832)
dotnet/roslyn-analyzers: GuidelinesForNewRules.md

4. Follow the below guidelines to choose the appropriate **analyzer package** for the new rule:

   1. Read the README section [here](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers#the-following-are-subpackages-or-nuget-dependencies-that-are-automatically-installed-when-you-install-the-microsoftcodeanalysisfxcopanalyzers-package) to get an idea of the content of the analyzer packages in the repo.
   2. For majority of cases, you would be contributing to either [Microsoft.CodeQuality.Analyzers](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers#microsoftcodequalityanalyzers) or [Microsoft.NetCoreAnalyzers](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers#microsoftnetcoreanalyzers). Analyzers related to pure code quality improvements, which are not specific to any API should go into `Microsoft.CodeQuality.Analyzers`. Analyzers specific to usage of a specific .NetCore/.NetStandard API should go into `Microsoft.NetCore.Analyzers` package.
   3. A good rule of thumb is that if your analyzer needs to invoke `GetTypeByMetadataName`, then most likely it is an API specific analyzer and belongs to `Microsoft.NetCore.Analyzers`.

> 5. **NOTE:** Once the new rule is merged, please make sure that you **file an issue OR submit a PR on the [official documentation page](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/code-analysis-for-managed-code-warnings) for the rule's category**. If filing an issue, please include all relevant information in the issue to allow the documentation experts to easily author the documentation. For example, see [this issue](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs/issues/3454).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **NOTE:** Once the new rule is merged, it needs to be documented. Either submit a PR on the [official documentation page](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/code-analysis-for-managed-code-warnings) for the rule's category (preferred) or [file an issue](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs/issues). If filing an issue, please include all relevant information in the issue to allow the documentation experts to easily author the documentation. For example, see [this issue](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs/issues/3454).
```
